adding operator sops (#138)
aerogear/mobile-security-service-operator: SOP/SOP-operator.md

# Mobile Security Service Operator- Standard Operating Procedures

## MobileSecurityServiceOperatorDown

Troubleshoot using the following steps via either the console or the cli:

Console:

> 1. Log into the OpenShift console

Reviewer: For MSS and DB check if are deployed in the same namespace of the Operator.

Author: This SOP is for the operator being down. I will add these ones to another check.

2. Switch to the Mobile Security Service namespace
3. Check the status of the Mobile Security Service Custom Resources
    1. Go To -> Resources -> Other Resources -> Choose a resource to list -> Mobile Security Service -> mobile-security-service -> Actions -> Edit yaml -> Scroll Down to status -> appStatus 

>     2. Check that the status' are as expected as described in the [README](https://github.com/aerogear/mobile-security-service-operator#status-definition-per-types)

Reviewer: Wdty over we highlight that all that is created and required for MSS has a status in the table? Maybe a NOTE. It is just an idea

>     2. Check that the status' are as expected as described in the [README](https://github.com/aerogear/mobile-security-service-operator#status-definition-per-types)

Reviewer: - Check if the DB is created and running OK
- Check the logs of MSS service which is running in this pod. ( maybe it is not able to connect in the database )
- Check in the ENV var of the DB if it is using the ConfigMap values created by MSS ( maybe the databasename, user, and pwd used are not that ones which are expected because someone change it manually )

Author: Again I don't think it would be necessary to check all of these items for the operator pod down but I will include them elsewhere.

4. Check the status of the Mobile Security Service DB Custom Resource

>     1. Go To -> Resources -> Other Resources -> Choose a resource to list -> Mobile Security Service DB-> mobile-security-service-db -> Actions -> Edit yaml -> Scroll Down to status -> appStatus 

Reviewer: The name of the status is not accurate.

Author: Yes, well spotted, I will remove it as the list which is linked shows which status' need to be checked.

>     2. Check that the status' are as expected as described in the [README](https://github.com/aerogear/mobile-security-service-operator#status-definition-per-types)

Reviewer: - Check values used in the ENV Var 
- Check db pod logs

> 5. If the operator pod is present check the logs of the pod for any errors

Reviewer: If the operator pod is not present then is not possible to scale it and it means that the operator.yaml was deleted.
IMHO: If any POD be not present, I mean do not exist, the step is `make install` to apply the CR/CRD which will create each one. In the case of operator pod, it is the operator.yaml file which needs be reapplied.

Author: It is possible to scale down the operator pod manually. So there is a case where it could be not there.

Author: I've included steps below to scale the pod. It is possible for there not to be an operator pod and for the operator.yaml file to still be there.

>     1. Navigate to Applications -> Pods -> mobile-security-service-operator-<xyz123> -> Logs

Reviewer: - We can add here to check if the Env Var values are mapped to use the ConfigMap created by MSS CR
- We should recommend checking here the logs of the database pod before check the operator one.

>     2. Check for any errors in the logs

Reviewer 2: maybe add check the events here

Reviewer 2: Never mind see it below

6. If the operator pod is not present scale up the pod

>     1. Navigate to Overview -> Click Dropdown for Deployment mobile-security-service-operator -> Click on up arrow to scale the pod to 1

Reviewer: It is a scenario that will never occur. The Operator ensures that the qt of sizes spec will be scaled. See here https://github.com/aerogear/mobile-security-service-operator/blob/master/pkg/controller/mobilesecurityservicedb/controller.go#L184

If the admin/user try to scale it for up or down the operator will fix automatically and it will take less than 5 min.

4. Check the status of the Mobile Security Service DB Custom Resource
    1. `oc get MobileSecurityServiceDB mobile-security-service-db -o yaml`
    2. Check that the status' are as expected as described in the [README](https://github.com/aerogear/mobile-security-service-operator#status-definition-per-types)
5. If the operator pod is present check the logs of the pod for any errors
    1. Get the operator pod name -> `oc get pods | grep operator`
    2. `oc logs <operator-podname>`
    3. Save the logs by running `oc logs <operator-podname> > <filename>.log`
6. If the operator pod is not preset scale up the pod
    1. `oc scale deployments mobile-security-service-operator --replicas=1`

## MobileSecurityServicePodCount

Troubleshoot using the following steps via either the console or the cli:

Console:
1. Log into the OpenShift cluster
2. Switch to the Mobile Security Service namespace
3. Navigate to the Overview using the side navigation
4. Check the following
    1. There is one pod running under the application mobilesecurityservice
    2. There is one pod running under the application mobilesecurityservicedb
    3. There is one pod running under the Other Resources

> 5. The operator should  maintain the number of pods running for the mobilesecurity service, please resolve the operator pod numbers first by scaling it up or down as necessary.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
5. The operator should  maintain the number of pods running for the mobile security service, please resolve the operator pod numbers first by scaling it up or down as necessary.
```
